= nwcopy/nwpaste

The fool proof network copy & paste program. Well, maybe someday.

= Usage

  Copy data from the clipboard (pbpaste).
    > nwcopy -p
    /Users/josh/Dropbox/nwcopy/f314eee55161b14f140ee07b358ba63ef54112ac
  Pastes to disk
    > nwpaste
    <Contents of clipboard>

  Copy contents of a file to the clipboard (works with binaries)
    > nwcopy /path/to/file
    /Users/josh/Dropbox/nwcopy/e1c1675f009e65d8571bbab9243660da20a3b2a2
  Paste the file to disk
    > nwpaste
    Pasted to file

  Pipe arbitrary whatever to the clipboard
    > echo 'pipes work' | nwcopy
    /Users/josh/Dropbox/nwcopy/5293e79627710caf507fb9b841df51356650c78d
  Paste it back
    > nwpaste
    pipes work

= Description

nwcopy takes whatever is in the clipboard (or pipe or filename) and copies it to http://nwcopy.net. If you don't have nwcopy.net configured, it will copy to a file in your Dropbox folder ~/Dropbox/nwcopy/<sha1>

nwpaste takes the contents of the most recent file (from nwcopy.net or your Dropbox), prints it to STDIN and puts it in the clipboard.

= WTF?

How in the world is this useful?

I constantly want to copy and paste between machines which cannot directly talk to one another. My solution was simple, and this is it. It also happens to be really easy to use.

= Is that all?

Is that all? Well, yeah, right now. This is the initial version, and it works! However, here are my plans:

* Support multiple files with globbing and whatnot.
* When multiple files are supplied, they should be pasted back with their original filename (tarball?)
* Whatever folks deem useful.
* Have some delicious brisket.
